Update documentation (#224)
aodn/python-aodncore: sphinx/quickstartdoc.rst

The 'dest_path' (destination path) function is responsible for generating the path 'key' at
which a file will be published. This key is used by both the harvesting process and the upload
process, and is one of the most important elements of a handler. Similarly, the 'archive_path' function is responsible
for the path used if the file is flagged for archiving. See https://aodn.github.io/python-aodncore/aodncore.pipeline.html#aodncore.pipeline.common.PipelineFilePublishType for further details about publishing files.

* Writing a :meth:`dest_path` function with an unmodified filename::

    import os

    class MyHandler(HandlerBase):
        def dest_path(self, file_path):
            basename = os.path.basename(file_path)
            return os.path.join('IMOS/MYFACILITY', basename)

* Writing a :meth:`dest_path` function with a modified filename::

    import os

    class MyHandler(HandlerBase):
        def dest_path(self, file_path):
            basename = os.path.basename(file_path)
            dest_filename = "IMOS_filename_01_XX_{basename}".format(basename=basename)
            return os.path.join('IMOS/MYFACILITY', dest_filename)

> * Writing :meth:`dest_path` and :meth:`archive_path` functions with an unmodified filename:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Writing :meth:`dest_path` and :meth:`archive_path` functions with a modified filename:
```
